as mayor strong so strong my hair could
lift a car off a baby if it had to
absolutely I like to hear
[Music]
education is our future farmers are this
nation's backbone bankers women veterans
Filipino tilt awhirl operators are this
nation's backbone
Salameh cam Brady will win his fifth
term in Congress simply by signing the
registration ballot that's one of the
perks of running unopposed let's get
this bad boy sad especially push/pull
hey who is that guy this has been my
dream runner for office you're
challenging our four term congressman
how do you expect to do that does say
that again now that I'm running for
Congress we're gonna be under a lot of
scrutiny anybody have anything to say
want to share with it sent the Lord's
name in vain at school study it I went
to the petting zoo and I I love to go
lick my wiener that little guy's a
weirdo I'm gonna smoke that clown we got
work to do right how you doing
hate to break it to your friend but your
balloon get right up that balloons full
of your own butt tooth you trying to
trash talk me Your Mama's like a vacuum
cleaner she sucks she blows and gets
laid in a closet
that's what nuts feel us
Washington DC is a mess how do you say
it's a mess in Hebrew fun a gun
Donkey Kong you want a holy war little
man let me hear a cam radio 12 Oh shove
a throwing star up a Chinese monk they
won't again I refuse to lose and I will
win
[Music]
that's a lot of fighting
Marty Huggins what do you got there is
in a crossbow ah
Oh Black Hawk Down gentlemen with Gus
with babies that's my baby to kiss
[Music]
he just punched a baby is anyone asking
how my hand feels after punching that
iron-like job that baby
[Music]